README.md, before:

# A-Short-Climb
Basic personal project

Disclaimer:<br>
The phrase "various bug fixes" is a catch all for changes I forgot, and it may not include any alterations.

5/02/21 Update:<br>
Pause menu added: Options are resume, restart, title screen, and quit.
The first spider cycle has been slighlty modified to prevent clipping.

4/27/21 Update:<br>
Quick reset added: While paused press enter on the keyboard or select on an Xbox controller.<br>
Cut scenes are now skipable from the Xbox controller by pressing 'A'.

## Credits:
Game Developed by Thomas Marshall and Alex Tate-Moffo
<br>Art Design by Alex Tate-Moffo

FONTS
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Minecraft
	Copyright: Craftron Gaming
	Downloaded from: https://www.dafont.com/minecraft.font
==================================================
<br><br>
SFX
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Hit
	Copyright: SRJA_Gaming
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/SRJA_Gaming/sounds/544887/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Pickup
	Copyright: DrMinky
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/DrMinky/sounds/166184/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Bounce
	Copyright: josepharaoh99
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/josepharaoh99/sounds/361636/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Jump
	Copyright: StaneStane
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/StaneStane/sounds/73562/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Stolen
	Copyright: Mrthenoronha
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/Mrthenoronha/sounds/399904/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	BGM
	Copyright: dAmbient
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/dAmbient/sounds/239539/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	End_Good
	Copyright: OFresco
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/OFresco/sounds/567345/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	End_Neutral
	Copyright: Xcreenplay
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/Xcreenplay/sounds/488437/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Added Dynamic Jump and various bug fixes

README.md, after:

# A-Short-Climb
Basic personal project

Disclaimer:<br>
The phrase "various bug fixes" is a catch all for changes I forgot, and it may not include any alterations.

5/02/21 Update:<br>
Pause menu added: Options are resume, restart, title screen, and quit.<br>
The first spider cycle has been slighlty modified to prevent clipping.<br>
Dynamic jump added<br>
Fixed timer (hopefully for real this time).

4/27/21 Update:<br>
Quick reset added: While paused press enter on the keyboard or select on an Xbox controller.<br>
Cut scenes are now skipable from the Xbox controller by pressing 'A'.

## Credits:
Game Developed by Thomas Marshall and Alex Tate-Moffo
<br>Art Design by Alex Tate-Moffo

FONTS
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Minecraft
	Copyright: Craftron Gaming
	Downloaded from: https://www.dafont.com/minecraft.font
==================================================
<br><br>
SFX
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Hit
	Copyright: SRJA_Gaming
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/SRJA_Gaming/sounds/544887/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Pickup
	Copyright: DrMinky
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/DrMinky/sounds/166184/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Bounce
	Copyright: josepharaoh99
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/josepharaoh99/sounds/361636/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Jump
	Copyright: StaneStane
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/StaneStane/sounds/73562/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Stolen
	Copyright: Mrthenoronha
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/Mrthenoronha/sounds/399904/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	BGM
	Copyright: dAmbient
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/dAmbient/sounds/239539/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	End_Good
	Copyright: OFresco
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/OFresco/sounds/567345/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	End_Neutral
	Copyright: Xcreenplay
	Downloaded from: https://freesound.org/people/Xcreenplay/sounds/488437/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
